Maybe a little surprising to you that the most famous person world that
I would like to meet and spend some time with is not a military person
of all considering the fact I'm so enthusiastic about naval and
military affair, but it is a musician. Sir James Galway is probably
the best known classical flutist in the world and he prefers flutist
not flautist and I would like to spend some time with him because
he's a very convivial Irishman and I love convivial Irishman I'd love
to spend sometime with him breaking Irish whiskey and I'd like to
talk him about music and how somebody like him can have such a certified
musical capability and somebody like me be so lacking in musical
ability but love it so much anyway.